# Team Meetings

#### Date: 09/15/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Moved documentation to separate repo.
- We went over user stories.
- Discussed product backlog.

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
```

#### Date: 09/17/2020
Topics Discussed:
- Discussed user interface for wireframe creation.
- We added a couple more user stories
- Uploaded Docker image to Docker Hub registry.
- Pulled image to the server

```
_x_ Matthew Knop
_x_ Ashley Hart
_x_ Sean Strawmatt
_x_ Doug Mellon
```
